# 制造业（Manufacturing）

> 共 25 个案例任务

---

## 采购员与代理（Buyers and Purchasing Agents）

### 案例 1
- **Task ID**: `1b1ade2d-f9f6-4a04-baa5-aa15012b53be`
- **任务描述**: You’re the Senior Manager in the Purchase department at one of India’s largest automotive companies, responsible for sourcing automotive electronics. Your sourcing lifecycle begins with the Engineering & Research (ER) team, who prepare the first version of the Technical Review Sign-Off (TRSO) document based on feedback from Program Managers and market analysts. TRSOs are reviewed and signed off by ER, Quality, and Purchase teams. Once approved, your team identifies potential suppliers and evalua...

### 案例 2
- **Task ID**: `93b336f3-61f3-4287-86d2-87445e1e0f90`
- **任务描述**: You are the Senior Manager for EV battery sourcing at a leading automotive company in India. Your company has recently launched three electric vehicle models as part of an aggressive strategy to capitalise on India’s growing EV market. With government policies such as Faster Adoption of Manufacturing for Electric Vehicles in India phase II (FAME II) and the Phased Manufacturing Programme (PMP) pushing for higher levels of localisation, your team has been tasked with ensuring that battery packs a...

### 案例 3
- **Task ID**: `15ddd28d-8445-4baa-ac7f-f41372e1344e`
- **任务描述**: You are the senior category buyer for automotive electronics—specifically headlamps and tail lamps— at LiIon Motors, a leading Indian automotive company. LiIon’s flagship SUV, the Modlev, has been a strong performer in the subcontinent for the past four years, and due to continued demand, its production is now expected to continue for at least two more years before transitioning into the fleet and taxi segment. The tail lamp for the Modlev was originally developed in collaboration with LPI, a ma...

### 案例 4
- **Task ID**: `24d1e93f-9018-45d4-b522-ad89dfd78079`
- **任务描述**: You're the category buyer for automotive electronics at LiIon Motors and are currently leading the sourcing process for headlamps on the upcoming mid-size passenger vehicle — Model I, scheduled to launch next year. The car will feature two headlamp variants: a premium version with LED projectors, dynamic DRLs (Daytime Running Lights), and intricate chrome detailing, and a base version with a simpler halogen reflector setup. After completing design alignment and feasibility checks, three supplier...

### 案例 5
- **Task ID**: `05389f78-589a-473c-a4ae-67c61050bfca`
- **任务描述**: You are the Banyan Crest Automotive, a leading automotive manufacturer headquartered in India. You oversee the procurement of automotive electronics for both passenger and commercial vehicles, including critical components such as headlamps and tail lamps. For the company’s upcoming Model A launch, the headlamp supplier — Juvoxa Optics — had already been nominated, given their long-standing relationship with Banyan Crest Automotive. Following the nomination, development entered the early collabo...

## First-Line Supervisors of Production and Operating Workers（First-Line Supervisors of Production and Operating Workers）

### 案例 1
- **Task ID**: `bf68f2ad-eac5-490a-adec-d847eb45bd6f`
- **任务描述**: You are a supervisor at a company that produces welded parts using the metal inert gas (MIG) process.  The plant at which you work is currently 2 weeks behind schedule for its welding operations, and working 10 hour days, 6 days a week.  The current demand for hours as of week 4, including past due hours, is 438.81 hours.   The attached Excel file contains weekly MIG demand, production capacity, weekly balance, and cumulative balance.  Using this information, create a separate Excel spreadsheet ...

### 案例 2
- **Task ID**: `efca245f-c24f-4f75-a9d5-59201330ab7a`
- **任务描述**: You are a Production Manager within a Manitoba automotive parts production facility that makes both OEM components for major auto makers and premium aftermarket vehicle accessories.  Due to a raw material shortage, production has been halted for three months on two running board SKUs for the Extended Cab and Crew Cab trucks.  Your production facility makes secondary market accessories and therefore this extended downtime has not affected any vehicle production.  However, your customer is almost ...

### 案例 3
- **Task ID**: `9e39df84-ac57-4c9b-a2e3-12b8abf2c797`
- **任务描述**: You are a production supervisor overseeing a high-volume, two-shift operation (day and night) that runs five days a week across three machine lines. A total of nine operators are assigned across these lines.  Your production manager has asked you to develop an operator/machine output dashboard in the form of a tracker spreadsheet. This 'dashboard' will be used to monitor and visualize weekly and year to date (YTD) production output and performance and will be presented at weekly production meeti...

### 案例 4
- **Task ID**: `68d8d901-dd0b-4a7e-bf9a-1074fddf1a96`
- **任务描述**: You are a First-Line Supervisor at Crispivore in Omaha, where raw pet food is freeze dried for animal consumption. The company is running a trial on a new meat product, beef, for future production. The goal of this trial is to produce at least 250,000 pounds of bulk output within four weeks and must use full batch sizes. You are responsible for establishing a work schedule, production assignments, and production sequences to meet the goal.  The attached reference files include: i) a product spec...

### 案例 5
- **Task ID**: `1752cb53-5983-46b6-92ee-58ac85a11283`
- **任务描述**: You are a production supervisor for a wire extrusion manufacturing facility.  Your facility recently purchased two new extrusion machines (Press 1 and Press 2).  Both presses have been signed off for use by the EHS and Maintenance teams.  Both presses have equal capacity for your planning purposes.  The engineering, quality, and maintenance teams will need to produce active SKUs on these presses to validate that they can run to production standards.  Your manager has met with you to discuss the ...

## 工业工程师（Industrial Engineers）

### 案例 1
- **Task ID**: `8a7b6fca-60cc-4ae3-b649-971753cbf8b9`
- **任务描述**: You are an Industrial Engineer at a logistics company that handles high-volume parcel processing. The Clearbend Logistics Hub is a large-scale sorting facility with automated conveyor belt, and manual handling stations for pieces that are incompatible with automated systems. The operations team has identified significant inefficiencies in how inbound pieces are processed upon arrival - specifically in the classification and routing of items based on their compatibility with automated systems.  S...

### 案例 2
- **Task ID**: `40a99a31-42d6-4f23-b3ec-8f591afe25b6`
- **任务描述**: You are an Industrial Engineer tasked with identifying a solution to enhance safety, automation, and visibility across a robotic Computer Numerical Control (CNC) work cell. The system includes a robot that operates on 4 Parker servo drives and travels along a rail, interfacing with six individual CNC machines. Each of the mills have available IO (Input output) ports and many that are unused in the robot's control cabinet. The robot’s primary control interface runs on proprietary software, but th...

### 案例 3
- **Task ID**: `b9665ca1-4da4-4ff9-86f2-40b9a8683048`
- **任务描述**: You are an engineer at a custom automation equipment manufacturing firm. The firm is based in the US, and operates across various sectors with no specific industry focus in its automation equipment design.  Your responsibilities include machine design, electrical systems design, pneumatics design, control systems design, and technical support across the entire machine delivery cycle. The responsibilities vary as per the project needs and the tasks are always assigned by the Project Manager.   Fo...

### 案例 4
- **Task ID**: `c6269101-fdc8-4602-b345-eac7597c0c81`
- **任务描述**: You are an Industrial Engineer working for a large organization that operates multiple high-volume processing centers. Leadership has asked for assistance with the Brightland Processing Center, which has recently been flagged for inconsistent results that are creating downstream impacts across the network. While the site is handling a significant workload, several recurring performance problems have raised concerns about long-term stability and efficiency.  The first issue is related to task dur...

### 案例 5
- **Task ID**: `be830ca0-b352-4658-a5bd-57139d6780ba`
- **任务描述**: You are an Industrial Engineer working for a large logistics company. You have been assigned to support the Analyze Tollgate of a Lean Six Sigma Greenbelt project focused on improving processing rate in the North Fulfillment Center's LLS (Local Level System) operations. This project consists of only unit processing rate during regular business days. All analysis in this project should be based on data ranging from the baseline period, January 4, 2025, through the end of the Analyze phase on Marc...

## 机械工程师（Mechanical Engineers）

### 案例 1
- **Task ID**: `5e2b6aab-f9fb-4dd6-a1a5-874ef1743909`
- **任务描述**: You are a Mechanical Engineer who assists customers who are inventing products. A typical customer will not be very knowledgeable in mechanical engineering or electrical engineering and relies on your experience to help develop their products. A new customer has an idea for a rugged flashlight, which will be called "Toasty".  The customer has several key requirements for Toasty: - It must be made from lightweight corrosion-resistant materials, sealed against water ingress, and contain two 18650 ...

### 案例 2
- **Task ID**: `46fc494e-a24f-45ce-b099-851d5c181fd4`
- **任务描述**: You are a mechanical engineer working at the materials lab at an aerospace firm, developing a reusable forward-edge protection system for a high-Mach experimental aircraft. A carbon/silicon-carbide (C/SiC) composite panel is being considered for the aircraft's stagnation region and is subject to severe convective heating from the hot freestream and mild cooling from the internal bay.  Determine whether the C/SiC heat-shield geometry, material and boundary conditions can keep the back-face temper...

### 案例 3
- **Task ID**: `3940b7e7-ec4f-4cea-8097-3ab4cfdcaaa6`
- **任务描述**: You are a Mechanical Engineer at a small aerospace firm designing an experimental X-Wing assembly for a next-generation aircraft. To support the design review, create a draft flow-simulation report based on the attached: (1) the preliminary CFD simulation results, and (2) STEP file containing a CAD model of the wing assembly used for simulation.  Use the CFD post-processing data to outline the analysis objectives, describe the computational domain and mesh, note the material properties, inlet/ou...

### 案例 4
- **Task ID**: `8077e700-2b31-402d-bd09-df4d33c39653`
- **任务描述**: You are a mechanical engineer assigned to the Materials Testing Laboratory. You have been asked to analyze the effects of quenching-tempering durations on AISI 1018 and AISI 1045 steels. The goal is to evaluate the effectiveness of items c. Quenching and e. Tempering (as specified in the work order) improves mechanical reliability and reduces premature failure caused by fatigue and high-impact loads.  Using the completed laboratory data provided, review Rockwell HRF hardness measurements and any...

### 案例 5
- **Task ID**: `5a2d70da-0a42-4a6b-a3ca-763e03f070a5`
- **任务描述**: You are a Senior Mechanical Engineer with 20 years of experience in manufacturing and a substantial background in machine tool practices. A company named "MEDICALfirm" has hired you to assist in the integration of CNC manufacturing equipment to produce some of their critical components. A previous Integration Proposal suggested which machines should be purchased, and a critical components list was updated to determine which machines should produce which critical components.   MEDICALfirm has pur...

## 发货/收货/库存员（Shipping, Receiving, and Inventory Clerks）

### 案例 1
- **Task ID**: `5349dd7b-bf0a-4544-9a17-75b7013767e6`
- **任务描述**: You are an Outbound Shipping Manager for a small merchandising company based in Nevada that ships small individual packages directly to consumers within the USA.  Your task is to determine which of the locally available carriers (USPS, Fedex and UPS) has the most cost-effective solution for flat rate shipping depending on package size. The package sizes are industry standard designations: pack/pak, small box, medium box, large box, and extra large box. If a carrier does not offer a particular si...

### 案例 2
- **Task ID**: `a4a9195c-5ebe-4b8d-a0c2-4a6b7a49da8b`
- **任务描述**: You are a Warehouse Manager responsible for developing processes and procedures for the team members to utilize as guidance for their daily activities and tasks. The warehouse team at your company has experienced numerous issues with electronic components failing or suffering quality issues after being issued for use and removed from storage. The management team suspects that proper procedures are needed for training and providing guidance to the warehouse team for handling and storing Electro-S...

### 案例 3
- **Task ID**: `552b7dd0-96f4-437c-a749-0691e0e4b381`
- **任务描述**: You are an Inventory Analyst on the inventory management team at a large warehouse. The inventory management team is responsible for updating the inventory database for all incidents that impact inventory items. Incidents are categorized into two types: Return Merchandise Authorizations (RMAs) and work orders. RMAs are opened with suppliers when issues are discovered upon receipt of products (e.g., incorrect product shipments, damaged items, or defective/poor quality products). Work orders are o...

### 案例 4
- **Task ID**: `11dcc268-cb07-4d3a-a184-c6d7a19349bc`
- **任务描述**: You are an inventory clerk working for an automotive company. In this role, you are required to keep track of all items received and ensure they are stored away correctly. Attached is a spreadsheet containing the assigned locations for all items ("Inv on line"), a Daily Receiving Log showing all items that were received today from various suppliers, and a blank template location report. After these items are received, they remain physically in the receiving dock area.   Using the attached files ...

### 案例 5
- **Task ID**: `76418a2c-a3c0-4894-b89d-2493369135d9`
- **任务描述**: You are a Shipping Clerk working for an automotive parts company that sells to major car manufacturers. These car manufacturers specialize in mid-priced mid-sized sedan vehicles. You need to decide which methods of shipping to use to send the customer their parts.   Please use the attached "Blank Daily Shipment Manifest" excel spreadsheet for determining the best shipping method for each shipment, based on the weight of the shipment, and the savings based on the actual shipping costs vs the indu...


